Some people believe that a person’s success in education
results from home life and training as a child.


/////
Writing an Introduction
The first part of your TOEFL independent essay must always be the introductory paragraph.  Follow this template:
Sentence One: The “Hook”
This is an interesting sentence that introduces the general theme or topic of the essay.  
I recommend stating something that we should do in our life:  “It is critically important that we VERB…“
Sentence Two: The Main Point
This is your main argument and direct answer to the question. Start with “Personally, I believe…“
Sentence Three: The Transition
Just use: “I feel this way for two reasons, which I will explore in the following essay.”
/////

several people have an opinion that a successful person in education, depends on
the impact of home life and is instructive as a youngster. I completely agree that,
childhood curriculum background appears to be successful in the future.I think this was for two
reason which I will examine in this essay.

/////
Writing Body Paragraphs
Next you must write two body paragraphs that support your thesis. Use this template 
for your first body paragraph:

Sentence One: A Topic Sentence
This summarizes your first supporting reason. Begin with “To begin with…“.
Sentences Two and Three: The Explanation
Explain what you mean, without talking directly about a personal experience.
Sentence Four: The Transition
Just use: “My personal experience is a compelling illustration of this.“
Sentence Six to End: The Personal Example
An example from your life that illustrates this argument. It should make up about 60% of the body paragraph.
/////


to begin with, nowdays learning and studying has been changed by emerge of technology, It is a well-known fact that 
internet and digital tools speed up training and education.traditional school and education waste time of
students to searching and learning science.on the other hand online library and online resources improve quantity
and quality of education.
My personal experience is a compelling illustration of this. Many years ago Coincides with using of computers as
a kind of tools in the education when I was child my father bought a computer for family and we tried to learned
how to used that. after a couple years when I was studied elemntry school all of this experience helped me in a 
lot of cources for instace I printed a lot of graphical pictures from animals and nature for better understanding 
in science class and another example I wrote a computer program for math class.

Furthermore, time management is a serious skill for person's success in education, nowdays childern encounter a lot 
of entertainment to spend times and enjoy life, however education and entertainment is necessary for childern and
they should know how to mange times between activites. for instance childeren should learn how to divide active times 
to their activites. without time management childleran will excess spend time to entertainment and they dont prefer
do homework and studies. without any doubt successful person know how manage time in all duration of life because 
they learned this skill in child. They customed to this skill and balanced all of activity to energize lives.








