It is generally believed that the internet plays an active role in our lives.
however, in my opinion, the internet is a huge valuable invention of humans to change lifestyle.
online services have been created by the internet, In the sense that we can easily access a huge
source of information. Finally, fast and easy accessibility to the information creates online
stores and other online services.

To begin with, One of the reasons for the success of the widespread use of the Internet is the 
creation of a large global network, so that by creating an integrated infrastructure, all users
have the ability to connect at the appropriate speed. Certainly, with the creation of a global 
infrastructure and free access, different and diverse facilities were created in the context of
this global network. For instance, our access to a virtual library anywhere in the world or
the online store shows the speed and quality of sending and receiving information. How it makes 
global access is pervasive and easy to access, and the use of a variety of tools in this context
creates creative services such as Internet taxis and the use of Internet maps and satellite 
locations, as well as Virtual museums and schools, have spread various technologies along with 
the Internet due to the existence of this efficient infrastructure to create services
and applications suitable for life are easier.

Furthermore, it can be said that the use of the Internet is so widespread that it 
has penetrated all layers of our lives and can not be said to only create and enable services. 
usually, false news and rumours and policies could be spread in society, but today, despite the
extant social networks that can provide information with high access and speed, fake news and 
rumours do not have a long life. Finally, it can be said that the Internet is not a service but
a society in which speed and easy access have made it possible to focus a large part of the
events of the world community.

In conclusion, I believe that the Internet has certainly had a profound effect on human life
and has brought about far-reaching changes in improving life, and that this will certainly
become an integral part of our human lives with various inventions and the use of the Internet.
