Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? It is better to use printed materials
such as books and articles to do research than it is to use the Internet. Use specific reasons
and examples to support your answer.

The debate on the competition between printed materials and use the internet has been going on
current decades.I completely disagree with the statement that use printed books and articles to
do research because I firmly believe that after emerge of computers and other tools such as
laptops and tablets with many practical functions, we can use electronic devices to create
world without paper like electronic libraries, electronic goverment and all paperless activity, 
obviously paperless system can save world without any chopping down trees.
finally without any doubt research is definitely on the path of human progress, it is better that
this progress be accompanied by the preservation of the environment.


To begin with, one of the main reasons for using the Internet in research is that it is an electronic 
document classification system.electronic document classification allows us to quickly
search among thousands of articles and using advanced fast search engine system. Definitely, the availability
and speed of publishing the latest articles will cause a significant speed in research.From this day, 
the creation of databases and e-universities will make sharing research fast and easy.At the same time, 
the presence of various tools on the computer along with the Internet makes it easy to store and work on
information obtained from research, so that images and data can be easily placed next to articles to
better understand the subject and results without the need for Print digitally.
Finally, despite the rapid progress of science, fast tools such as digital classification and advanced 
Internet search can not be ignored, and certainly new digital tools are used to remove the limitations.

Furthermore,We know that using paper equates to cutting down trees and forests and destroying a global
ecosystem that even takes years to rebuild.In general, using the Internet for research as a paperless
tool can reduce paper consumption and drastically reduce the need for millions of trees to be felled
each year to produce trees.For instance, a research project should be done electronically from the
beginning of its publication until its publication, so that using the Internet and paperless tools,
the initial stages of research until its delivery are done digitally and are available in a fraction
of a second.Finally, the use of the Internet for research apart from all the important features will 
help preserve the environment and ecosystem of life on Earth, and it is time to do more. And see beyond 
the benefits of the issues.

In conclusion, The use of the Internet for research, apart from the general benefits of the subject of
research for humanity, makes it possible to make sub-topics in the direction of how to achieve research
and the type of use of paperless tools and ease of work. The current environmental protection for the 
next generation is completely linked to the way of life of human beings today.
