Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? It is better to use printed materials
such as books and articles to do research than it is to use the Internet. Use specific reasons
and examples to support your answer.

The debate on the competition between printed materials and the use of the internet has been 
going on current decades. I completely disagree with the statement that uses printed books and
articles to research because I firmly believe that after emerging of computers and other tools
such as laptops and tablets with many practical functions, we can use electronic devices to 
create a world without a paper like electronic libraries, electronic government and all paperless
activity,  obviously paperless system can save the world without any chopping down trees.
finally without any doubt research is definitely on the path of human progress, this progress
should be accompanied by the preservation of the environment.

To begin with, one of the main reasons for using the Internet in research is that it is an 
electronic document classification system. electronic document classification allows us to 
quickly search among thousands of articles and use an advanced fast search engine system. 
The availability and speed of publishing the latest articles will cause a significant speed in 
research. From this day, the creation of databases and e-universities will make sharing 
research fast and easy. At the same time, the presence of various tools on the computer along
with the Internet makes it easy to store and work on information obtained from research so that 
images and data can be easily placed next to articles to better understand the subject and results
without the need for printing digitally.Finally, despite the rapid progress of science, fast tools such
as digital classification and an advanced Internet search can not be ignored, and certainly, new digital
tools are used to remove the limitations.

Furthermore, We know that using paper equates to cutting down trees and forests and destroying 
a global ecosystem that even takes years to rebuild. In general, using the Internet for research
as a paperless tool can reduce paper consumption and drastically reduce the need for millions
of trees to be felled each year to produce trees. For instance, a research project should be 
done electronically from the beginning of its publication until its publication, so that using
the Internet and paperless tools, the initial stages of research until its delivery are done
digitally and are available in a fraction of a second. Finally, the use of the Internet for
research apart from all the important features will help preserve the environment and ecosystem 
of life on Earth, and it is time to do more. And see beyond the benefits of the issues.

In conclusion, The use of the Internet for research, apart from the general benefits of the subject of
research for humanity, makes it possible to make sub-topics in the direction of how to achieve research
and the type of use of paperless tools and ease of work. The current environmental protection for the 
next generation is completely linked to the way of life of human beings today.