Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? People in today’s world have become too
dependent on automobiles. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.



The debate on human life is completely reliant on machine life, and industry has converted an
integral part of human progress. Undoubtedly, dependence on cars is one of these issues.
I fully believe that humans need to depend on their means of construction to meet their
needs and the car is one of them. Humans have been conditioned on transportation since ancient 
times, and this role has ultimately been summed up in the construction of cars for speed and 
ease of transport.Certainly, the role of the car is not just transportation, and we see that the
presence of the car in competitions and entertainment plays a role in creating competition.
Finally, there is no denying the great and progressive role of cars, and they are two 
inseparable parts of today's life.

To begin with , Transportation has long been an important issue in human life. With the expansion of 
population and the creation of countries, human life has clearly changed. With the creation of big cities
along with the construction of roads and roads, the human need for transportation increased, so with the
invention of internal combustion engines, a part of human life changed. In the same way, with the 
advancement of humans, cars become more advanced and change and improve for comfort and safety every year.
Obviously, humans need a fast and accessible vehicle to move forward and speed up their lives. The 
transportation system varies from country to country, but what people need is dependence on a vehicle 
and a car. Ultimately, this colorful role of cars in today's life for easy and fast transportation is 
undeniable.

Furthermore, In addition, the car has become an integral part of human life. The car has become part 
of the entertainment of the people in various car racing competitions. And next to it, competitions are 
held in which the most prominent car factories compete with each other in their cars and have a lot of 
spectators and fans. Definitely part of that competition is fun and excitement, but a lot of it is 
people's attention to the superiority and new achievements of carmakers in creating what people depend on.
For example, in these competitions, people got acquainted with the new technologies of electric and 
hybrid cars, and this is why more people buy these cars today. Finally, there is the fact that people 
are completely dependent on cars and are always eager for new technologies related to cars.

In conclusion,According to the above examples, human dependence on machines is undeniable and
has contributed to the development and better life of human beings. But at the same time there 
is always the warning that man-made devices sometimes have a devastating effect on the environment.
Ultimately, with the advancement of science, this dependence must be directed in a direction that
its destructive factors are minimized, and this dependence must be completely useful and effective.
