The Question
Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? People in today’s world have become too dependent on
automobiles. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

Over the last few decades, as automobiles have become affordable for more and more people, 
cars have become a very controversial topic of discussion.  
I am of the opinion that people in the modern world have become far too reliant on automobiles. 
I feel this way for two main reasons, which I will explore in the following essay.

To begin with, many people have become disinterested in the amount of pollution that their vehicles create.  
It is a well-known fact that automobiles are one of the biggest sources of deadly greenhouse gases, 
which are the main cause of global warming.  However, it seems that many individuals simply do not care 
about how much damage they do by driving their cars. For example, my uncle drives an extremely large sport 
tility vehicle to work every day, even though he commutes alone.  This vehicle is not energy efficient, 
and I think that he ought to take a carpool to his office instead of using it. When I asked him why he 
continues to drive such a harmful vehicle he responded that even though he is aware of how much fuel it uses, 
he does not care because of how happy it makes him feel to drive an expensive car.  This example demonstrates 
how neglectful many members of modern society have become as a consequence of their love of automobiles.

Secondly, our current obsession with automobiles has caused public transportation systems to be neglected
by government officials.  Because people are obsessed with their personal vehicles, governments have felt 
justified in failing to develop bus and rail networks.  My city, Toronto, is a compelling example of this. 
Despite being the largest city in Canada it has only two subway lines and just a handful of underdeveloped 
bus routes.  While this frustrates me quite a lot, most people simply do not care and, regretfully, 
the issue is never considered of even studied by our municipal government. If more people were to demand better 
public transportation, of course the government would snap into action and improve the local system. 
The fact that this has not happened makes it evident to me that our current dependence on automobiles has 
resulted in a lower quality of living for many people in Toronto.


In conclusion, I strongly believe that people today are too dependent on automobiles.  
This is because our love of driving has contributed to global warming, and because it has resulted 
in shoddy public transportation systems in major cities. (412 Words)